# Hyper-parameter

Hyper-parameter is value you set directly when training a machine learning model.
ex) training speed, epoch, etc..

auto update value: weights, bias

# Train set vs Test set

If the data is biased to a specific label or has different distribution,
the pridictive performance model of the model is poor.

Train set: data + label 
(_image_ not found)

Test set: data + testing value 
(_image_ not found)

# Undefitting vs Overfitting

Minimize underfitting and overfitting.
Construct properly train set and to delete unnecessary noise using from data analyze to preprocess.
Utilize validation data that is some of train data set

Underfitting: poor performance on the training data and poor generalization to other data.
Overfitting: good performance on the training data and poor generliazation to other data.

# Epoch

Process that is searching suitable model weights.
1 training loop = 1 epoch

# loss function

Error between prediction value(testing value) and answer value(label)
User have to define directly loss function that applied to model.

# Supervised learning 

[loss function list](https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/keras/losses)
Binary classification: Use 'binary_crossentropy' loss function, when activation function of output layer is sigmoid.

Multi-class classification: activation function of output layer is softmax
  - Use 'categorical_crossentropy' loss function, when target is one-hot vector class.
  - Use 'sparse_categorical_crossentropy' loss function, when target is not one-hot encoding but label value(ex: 0, 1, 2, 3).

Recursive model: MSE(Mean Squared Error), MAE(Mean Absolute Error), Huber etc.
