# Hyper-parameter

Hyper-parameter is value you set directly when training a machine learning model.

ex) training speed, epoch, etc..

auto update value: weights, bias

# Train set vs Test set

If the data is biased to a specific label or has different distribution, the pridictive performance model of the model is poor.

(_image_ not found)

Train set: data + label 

Test set: data + testing value 

# Undefitting vs Overfitting

Minimize underfitting and overfitting.

Construct properly train set and to delete unnecessary noise using from data analyze to preprocess.

Utilize validation data that is some of train data set.
  - Underfitting: poor performance on the training data and poor generalization to other data.
  - Overfitting: good performance on the training data and poor generliazation to other data.

# Epoch

Process that is searching suitable model weights.
1 training loop = 1 epoch

# loss function

Error between prediction value(testing value) and answer value(label).

User have to define directly loss function that applied to model.

Binary classification: Use 'binary_crossentropy' loss function, when activation function of output layer is sigmoid.

Multi-class classification: activation function of output layer is softmax
  - Use 'categorical_crossentropy' loss function, when target is one-hot vector class.
  - Use 'sparse_categorical_crossentropy' loss function, when target is not one-hot encoding but label value(ex: 0, 1, 2, 3).

Recursive model: MSE(Mean Squared Error), MAE(Mean Absolute Error), Huber etc.

[loss function list](https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/keras/losses)

# Gradient descent

Algorithm that is root of variable optimizer.

Method to have the minimum function value while lowering the objective function value.
(using a within model)

# Learning Process

(_image_ not found)

1. data preprocess     
    - resizing array
    - changing dimension of array
    - etc

2. creating    
    - Serial model = use Sequential API
    - Multi I/O complex model = Functional API Model or SubClassing method

3. compile    
    - Define loss function, optimizer, metrics.
    - Use compile() method.

4. training    
    - Direct train set, validation set, epoch, batch size, callback function as parameter
    - Use fit() function.

5. validation    
    - Enter validation set to model.
    - Compare prediction value with label.
    - Repeat until reaching goal performance.

6. prediction    
    - Return result using model that training and validation is completed.
